hey guys el barca 77 here and welcome to
a brand new series which should be out
every Thursday and that is going to be
throwback Thursdays this series will
suggested to me by subscriber on a video
earlier in the week and I thought I may
as well will show you guys what Silver's
used to be like and how EA or how I'm
hoping yay will make him in the future
as compared to the last few years
silvers on fifa 10 and 11 it was so much
better it's ridiculous how much better
they were so i'll start with fifa 10 and
probably free 411 as well as silvers
weren't as commonly used back then so a
lot of the best silvers from those years
haven't actually been seen too much some
of the fifa 10 silvers are very very
hard to find images of as it was bad
before the web app but i found as many
as I could on foot words and in this
episode I'll be showing you my favorite
Barclays Premier League Silver's from
fifa 10 i was going to show you the
players in a team but i think it looks a
lot better like this so I'll go through
the fenders midfielders then forwards I
stuck Jones the goalkeeper here in the
silver defenders as he's the only really
decent goalkeeper I think he is upgrade
a lot of these players are upgraded in
fifa 10 pretty much all of these cards
got upgrades for no reason really they
decided to do a load of upgrades so
Jones the Liverpool goalkeeper he got
transferred from Middlesbrough to
Liverpool and that's why I got an
upgrade he's got incredible stats for a
goalkeeper you also got trio rate the
Arsenal left-back who now put a thinking
our place for QPR and had a nationality
change back then he was French and he
was pretty much just paste but he was a
very very solid left-back you also have
an incredible center back which is brown
but i think this wasn't actually upgrade
think this was just a normal card and
this bramble for something has 76 pays
82 defense and 85 heading as a centre
back don't get many Silver's like that
and you haven't seen many civils that
I'm recent years to be honest one see
the other defenders and it wasn't got no
advice who was transferred to from some
in the Bundesliga to Arsenal and he has
75 paise 77 defense and 85 heading so
again it's some amazing stats you also
got man seeing on loan from Chelsea to
wolves with the 77 page 71 passing 72
defense add 80 heading so again another
really good sent back and you also have
Winston Reid here who's nothing
nationality used to be denmark on fifa
but now it is new zealand he also has
really really solid start 75 paise 78
defense and 84 heading so those are the
best defenders that I used and now we'll
move on to a couple of midfielders the
midfielder's were incredibly good as
well who are Polson who is
whoo why i like to think as probably one
of the best defensive midfielders we've
ever had in terms of Silver's hit 75
paise 80 passing 70 dribbling 86 defense
and 75 heading I've not seen a silver
like that really in since fifa 10 to be
honest I've not really seen any like
that you've also got Shelby who's also a
very solid center defensive mid starts
the sentiment buy you some center
defensive mid had incredible long shots
as well go 80 pace 80 dribbling 17
shooting 74 passing and 74 defense very
very solid and he also got Connor Connor
something like that for Sunderland he
had 78 pace 84 defense and 84 heading
and those were stats before he actually
got an upgrade he got upgraded when he
transferred to Galatasaray so I think he
had 86 defence 86 heading and possibly
ever 80 page so that upgraded cars galat
sr it was absolutely ridiculous they got
a slightly more attacking midfielders
here you've got Wilshere who was a
ridiculous card 82 pace 85 during 73
shooting and 77 passing you also got
cleverly with 85 pace 80 drew blink 65
shooting and 75 pass and that was when
he was on loan to Wigan and then you've
also got Bostock when he was on loan
from Spurs to Hull and although he says
he sent defensive Eddie was much better
an attacking midfielder he also has
really good stats with 80 page 76
dribbling 72 shooting and 75 passing at
last it onto the strikers if those
midfielders and defenders weren't good
enough you have the strikers and all of
these are think upgraders well apart
from Jones you've got Welbeck with 85
pace 8280 shooting and 70 heading
absolutely amazing carly was so good in
Game probably one of the best silver
strikers I've ever used and along with
that Beckford equally as good 89 pay 75
during 82 shooting and 75 heading if you
put that into perspective those sort of
stats back then in fifa 10 these cards
only cost between sort of 30 to 80 or 90
k nowadays they'd probably be about 200
300 case thing we're absolutely
ridiculous like that probably even more
of their informs your Scott Cameron
Jones who is much much faster back then
and probably also one of my favorite
strike have ever used 86 page 67
drilling 67 shooting and 91 heading he
was an absolute tank as his pace then
was much better than his nowadays and on
to the last strike has got a couple more
here have more upgrades think elance
Blake was in an upgrade but we started
Frank new beau I think he was at the
upgrade that I used before I could
afford back foot back then but nubile
was also ridiculously good at 86 page 76
tribbing 75 shooting and 80 heading
you've also got picky on for another
gain another plan for west ham and west
had a lot of really good silver upgrades
back in fifa 10 picky on had 76 pays 82
shooting and 83 heading and you also
have ebanks-blake i think was actually
normal kado don't actually remember
using i did manage to find my foot was
and he also looks ridiculous because his
strength was very very good had 87 pay
76 drilling 72 shooting and 61 heading
so there you go guys those are the best
and probably also my favorite Barclays
Premier League Silver's in fifa 10
absolutely ridiculous cards to let me
know guys what do you think a better
Silver's back in fifa 10 or 11 if you
did use them or silvers now in my
opinion i'd much prefer VA did release
ridiculous Silver's at that does make
the game much more fun and i don't know
why they just can't do it they did it
back then so why can't they do more of
them in this game or the next few games
if you enjoyed the video please feel
free to this alike and i'll probably
next next week's i'm probably gonna be
doing the bundesliga Silver's from fifa
10 so thanks for watching guys Cheers